§Docs (#2)
animo/aries-framework-javascript: docs/libindy/windows.md

# Setup Libindy for Windows

> NOTE: If these steps do not work, or you want to do a manual install, refer to [here](https://github.com/hyperledger/indy-sdk#windows)

> > NOTE: Currently the windows install has not been fully tested

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NOTE: The windows guide has not been fully tested. Please submit an PR if you encounter any errors!
```
